To whom it May concern

It’s my pleasure to provide this letter of recommendation for Matt Billard as he seeks employment in the software industry. Althought we haven't had the pleassure to work togheter in the same projects, Matt showed excellent communication skills and consistently exceeded company expectations, also had many initiatives of his own to gather inRhythm employees and create sinergy among them. On a personal level, he’s charismatic and well-spoken, both qualities that have served him well in his role as software developer and technical leader. 

Allow me to point out three examples of Matt’s strengths.

First, as I mentioned, by creating biweekly meetings where each person can ask for help or introduce with the rest of the inRhythm guys, he also created some meetings to talk about different technology topics and keep track of the activities, feedback and performance reports from the project manager of each one of the inrhythm's employees at Goldman Sachs. Matt has an understanding of technical trends and instincts for identifying and pursuing qualified leads. Matt has the combination of business acumen and communication skills that makes him an outstanding leader and developer.

Second, Matt has a very strong grasp of technology. He is well versed at front-end development and is learning back-end on his free time to become an amazing full stack developer, always willing to teach others and help them to understand technical topics like it was my case when he explained some typescript concepts I was strugling with.

Finally, Matt has proven himself to be a strong cultural fit here at Goldman Sachs and inRhythm. He’s always ready to lend a helping hand to his teammates and contributes during brainstorming sessions and meetings.

In closing, I’d like to restate my strong support for Matt’s application to any future software development role. I’m confident that he will surpass your expectations in this new role. Matt is driven, self-confident, proactively helpful, and smart, and I know he will continue to find success. Please feel free to contact me at (646) 785-1869 or ediaz@inrhythm.com with any other questions. Thank you for your time.

Sincerely, Eduardo Milpas
